JAVA72.0
======

JAVA72.0 is JAVA7 part2 invented by wilmix jemin j at JDollar P.L at year 2017

JAVA72.0

JAVA72.0 is about JAVA72.0 part2 of JAVA7(OAK JAVA) Programming Language invented by wilmix jemin j at year 2017.

JAVA72.0 has userfriendly framework called as

JAUF. and it has latest frameworks like

JC , Jeb, JShell, JSync, ODollar, Oplus,

WHTML, Petal, VJAVA, VSLASH ,and GJAVA.

JAVA72.0 use all these Latest P.L

for mobile and P.L like

JSAUCER with JAVA7. SO JAVA72.0 is called as

a "SKY Programming Language".

Differences Between JAVA72.0 and JSAUCER

when to use?

1) JAVA72.0 is used and it permits it's latest

Frameworks and other native P.L like

C++, .Net, etc.

Hence we call JAVA72.0 as an Interactive P.L.

2) JSaucer never permits and it is used only

with mobile remotewebapplication with

mobile phones like Android.

3) One who learn JSaucer has depth knowledge

with mobile remotewebapplication.

THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to JAVA72.0 part2 or interact with JAVA72.0

with Merits

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

3) JEEWeb -> used for enterprise

4) JSHELL -> used with linux

5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$

6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

7)Oplus -> Used in American It sector.

8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of JAVA7 to eliminate JAVA7 demerits.

9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It is the best Programming language which interact with JAVA7.

10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA, WEB professionals

11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest Programming Language

12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework

13) GJAVA -> Used with google P.L

14) WHTML -> Used with JAVA72.0 and HTML

15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with WEB.

17) UWEB => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on WEB used in American and U.k sector.

18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in WEB.


19) JAVA72.0 Advanced Business

JAVA72.0 is focused on interaction with JSWORD.

20) JAVA7(OAKJAVA) Advanced Business:  It  is  focused   with  JDollar(JWEB)  Advanced Business.

Note: Here we use only JAVA7  .exe and JAVA7  .dll


